{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\title Medical Concierge Services}}\vieww28300\viewh14720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/edenmugar/Downloads/MCS/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Home \'a0}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa298\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/edenmugar/Downloads/MCS/%C3%A2%E2%82%AC%C5%93services.html%22"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Services \'a0}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/edenmugar/Downloads/MCS/contact_us.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Contact Us \'a0}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa298\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Welcome to Medical Concierge Services page! We are here to help you. We offer world class concierge services that take you to your medical appointments or procedures and wait for you while being cared for by your doctor. Please see our Services page for all the services we provide.\
About Us: Medical Concierge Services (MCS) is created to escort individuals who are in need of being escorted to a medical procedure where they can not drive themselves.\'c2\'a0 Most procedures require someone to escort a patient to a medical procedure where they are put under general anesthesia. As owner of this Company, as a patient that needs\'c2\'a0 periodical procedures done, and as a single person who lives alone with no family nearby or that's available, this service is crucial for others as myself. MCS will change the lives of so many people who have put off being checked up on and can save many lives. We are for the people, we are for those who need a ride and someone to stand by them after enduring an experience that is common for them. The worries of reliability and accessibility are resolved through MCS.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/edenmugar/Downloads/MCS/%C3%A2%E2%82%AC%C5%93contact_us.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Contact Us}}  \
}